Rebrand RoF to Auto Tiering (#2662)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/references/cli-utilities/crdb-cli/crdb/update.md

| Parameter                                                           | Value                                                                                                                         | Description                                                                                                                                                              |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| crdb-guid \<guid\>                                                 | string                                                                                                                        | GUID of the Active-Active database (required)                                                                                                                            |

> | bigstore-ram-size \<maximum_memory\>                                                  | size in bytes, kilobytes (KB), or gigabytes (GB)                                                                               | Maximum RAM limit for the Auto Tiering database, if activated                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| bigstore-ram-size \<maximum_memory\>                                                  | size in bytes, kilobytes (KB), or gigabytes (GB)                                                                               | Maximum RAM limit for the  databases with Auto Tiering enabled, if activated                                                                                                          |
```
